Contributing + Variants docs (#155)
system-ui/theme-ui: packages/docs/src/pages/theme-spec.mdx

## Variants

Theme UI currently does _not_ have standards for defining combinations of typographic styles, but _variants_ can be used for situations where it is useful to reuse combinations of these primitive values.
Another common practice is to have a `buttons` object with variants like primary and secondary:

```js
// example typographic style variants
{

>   colos: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  colors: {
```

      letterSpacing: '0.1em',
    },
  },
  // variants for buttons
  buttons: {
    primary: {

>       color: colors.white, // you can reference other values defined in the theme

Reviewer: This *should* work

```suggestion
      color: 'white'  // you can reference other values defined in the theme
```
